h1. Single sign-on to vLex.com with remote authentication

Grants single sign-on access to users with a corporate account.

To use this function, the company needs a unique account_id and token which can be obtained from vLex web page, as explained in the "related support topic":http://help.vlex.com/entries/20403021-technical-documentation-for-the-remote-authentication-option-single-sign-on
 
The main entry point is the +remote_auth+ function. 

This collects the parameters (either provided by the same user with a web form or included by the company with hidden fields) and returns the URL where the user should be redirected to enter vLex without explicitly signing in.

h1. PHP version

Download the "remote_auth.php":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/remote_auth.php file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>$my_data = array("account_id" => "1234", "name" => "tester", "token" => "TOKEN", "email" => "test@vlex.com");
remote_auth($my_data);</code></pre>

h1. Ruby version

Download the "remote_auth.rb":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/remote_auth.rb file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>data = {:account_id => "1234", :name => "tester", :token => "TOKEN", :email => "test@vlex.com"}
Vlex::RemoteAuth::remote_auth data</code></pre>

h1. ASP Classic version

Download the "remote_auth.asp":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/remote_auth.asp file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>
  redirect_to_remote_auth(name, email, account_id, token)
</code></pre>

h1. ColdFusion version

Download the "sso-vlex.cfm.java":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/sso-vlex.cfm file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>
<cfset map = createObject("java","java.util.HashMap").init()>

<cfset map.put("name",name)>
<cfset map.put("email",email)>
<cfset map.put("account_id",account_id)>
<cfset map.put("token",token)>

<cfset sso = CreateObject("java", "SingleSingOnVlex")>

<cfset link = sso.remote_auth(map)>

<cflocation url=#link#>

</code></pre><br>
Example "coldfusion":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/test_coldfusion.zip

h1. JSP version

Download the "RemoteAuth.java":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/RemoteAuth.java file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>
<%@page import="java.util.HashMap,vlex.RemoteAuth"%>
<%
        HashMap<String,String >hash = new HashMap<String,String>(5);
        hash.put("name",request.getParameter("name")); 
        hash.put("email",request.getParameter("email"));
        hash.put("account_id","[ID CUENTA]");
        hash.put("token","[TOKEN]");
        Number current = System.currentTimeMillis()/1000;
        hash.put("timestamp",current.toString());        
        String link = RemoteAuth.remote_auth(hash);
        response.sendRedirect(link);
%>
</code></pre><br>
Example "jsp":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/sso-jsp.zip

h1. Python

Download the "RemoteAuth.py":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/RemoteAuth.py file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>
        token = [token]
        account_id = [ACCOUNT ID]
        name = [USUARIO]
        email = [E-MAIL]        
</code></pre><br>
Example "Python":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/sso-python.zip


h1. C#

Download the "RemoteAuth.cs":http://github.com/vlex/remote_auth/raw/master/RemoteAuth.cs file to your local server, then call the remote authentication function passing the appropriate parameters, for instance:

<pre><code>
        // Definimos un hash con los parametros necesarios 
        Hashtable hash = new Hashtable();
        string tmp = "test@vlex.test";
        hash.Add("name",tmp); 
        hash.Add("email",tmp);
        hash.Add("account_id",[ACCOUNT_ID]); # Valor entero.
        hash.Add("token",[TOKEN]); # String

        // Obtenemos los parametos para el request (name,email,account_id,hash,sha256,timestamp)  
        Hashtable postdata = RemoteAuth.remote_auth(hash);
        
        // Realizar el request a https://vlex.com/session/remote_auth con los párametros obtenidos anteriormente (por GET o POST)

</code></pre><br>


